Name:Omar Mohammed
Date:5/1/2020

Project: Covid Escape
Group's repository: https://github.com/shermy99/Final_Project


What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?

I could not find anything new to learn about in this porject, but that is not a bad thing. This project took the things we learned and used
all of it well in a quality package. 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?

The game has you play as a character who is trying to fight off animal sized Covid-19 cells which are trying to kill you.

 
What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?

I noticed that the UI in this game is its own scene and that is something I did not thing about, but it is a smart idea.


What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?

I think one improvement to the code would be more folders, more specifcally for the .gd and .tscn files because right now they are
just in the main folder and it makes it hard to find things. While I spent time looking at the code I bet I missed something because it is so
poorly organized in my opinion. Also I know a lag issue was brought up in the READ ME, however I think the bullets purposely move slower then
the character. Looking at the code it does not look like that but when playing everything seems to run fine after the starting lag spike, and
yet the bullets barely move. Speaking of the starting lag, it was really bad the first few times I tried to play and I would die before getting
a chance to do anything. I know the creators know about this, but it is a really bad issue and maybe enemies should spawn over a period of time
instead of all at once. Also another very nitpicky issue is sometimes I would just fly high into the sky without hiting the jump button, did not
effect my injoyment, but it happened.
 

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?

Everything looked good to me.
 

Is it clear that every group member participated?

Yes, the READ ME made that very clear

 
Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?

Yes


What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?

Maybe add the fact that there is a jump button to the READ ME, otherwise it was great and I liked the added personality, makes it unique. 


Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.

The overall design of the game is awsome, it fits perfectly with the music which is also good. Not only that but the game controls well, other
than that bullet issue. Nothing was buggy, great job!


How many of your points would you allocate to this project?


2.5 (sorry I got two great projects so I am just splitting the points 50/50)